[Scene 1] A man is playing with two lions in a zoo.
[Scene 2] A lion is hugging a man, and a lion is jumping up and down.
[Scene 3] A man is driving a vehicle in a safari park.
[Scene 4] A man is hugging a lion in the water.
[Scene 5] A lion cub is in the water with a man on his back.
[Scene 6] The person is driving a vehicle in a rural area and looking out the window.
[Scene 7] A man petting two lions in a field.
[Scene 8] A lion is lying down in a fenced zoo enclosure with a large bone.
[Scene 9] The man is driving a vehicle in a grassy area with trees in the background, and he is wearing a black shirt.
[Scene 10] A man driving a vehicle in the desert.
[Scene 11] A man is petting a lion in the wild.
[Scene 12] A man is driving an off-road vehicle in a desert and pointing out various plants and animals.
[Scene 13] The person's arm is bandaged and has a blood stain on it.
[Scene 14] A man's arm with a large amount of blood on it.
[Scene 15] A man driving a vehicle in the middle of a field.
[Scene 16] A lion is interacting with a car on a dirt road, and the person's reaction to the lion varies in different parts of the video.
[Scene 17] A group of people in a car looking at a giraffe.
[Scene 18] A man is driving a jeep in a safari park and giving a commentary about the animals and the park.
[Scene 19] It is a lion walking in a grassy area with blue sky and clouds in the background.
[Scene 20] A man is driving an off-road vehicle in the african savannah.
[Scene 21] The man is driving a jeep through a dry field with brown grass.
[Scene 22] A man is hugging a lion while the lion is trying to bite the man's hand.
[Scene 23] The man is driving a vehicle in a desert and he's looking out of the window.
[Scene 24] A man is sitting next to a large lion on a grassy field, and they are surrounded by a fence.
[Scene 25] A man is lying on the ground with a lion lying next to him in the grass.
[Scene 26] A man is driving an off-road vehicle through a field and talking about the advantages of having a lion as a companion while traveling.
[Scene 27] Two lions standing in a field with their mouths open.
[Scene 28] A tourist is sitting in a safari vehicle and talking to the tour guide.
[Scene 29] There is a zoo enclosure with a cage made of metal bars and a green roof covering it.
[Scene 30] The person is sitting in a jeep in the outdoors.
[Scene 31] Two lions laying on the ground next to each other.
[Scene 32] Two lions laying next to each other next to a pool of water.
[Scene 33] A man petting a lion in a cage.
[Scene 34] The lion is walking on a dirt road with its paws and wrist visible.
[Scene 35] The speaker is sitting in an open-air vehicle and giving a speech.
[Scene 36] A man is sitting next to a large lion in a zoo and patting it on the head.
[Scene 37] A tour guide sits in the driver's seat of a safari vehicle and smiles at the camera.
[Scene 38] A man hugging a lion on a dirt road.
[Scene 39] A man is sitting in a jeep in the middle of the desert and he is talking to the camera.
[Scene 40] A lion and tiger are caged in an enclosure at a zoo, with the animals looking out through the bars of their cage.